This project is built using Django django and javascript implementing the functionality of a quizzing application.It contains 4 models for recording the data of the various challenges and users and their scores. Each challenge has a set time limit within which test needs to be submitted else it is auto-submitted implementing the feature of event handling using react. The javascript is also used to call api and dynamically update the contents.
The Root directory of this project contains a project folder named 'capstone' the urls.py file of which includes the urls.py file of a single app 'quizapp'. The py file contains all the routes of this app.

The default route takes you to the index page of this application which shows all the challenges if the user is logged in. If the user is not authenticated the page is redirected to the login page.These challenges are created by superusers by logging into django admin console.for each challenge one contest object is created containing details about the challenge like name, time limit, total score. For adding questions to the contest, question objects are created against the same contest id as required.
Every Challange block contains the details about the challenge like name, time limit, total enrolments, total submissions  and a enroll button by which logged in user can register for the test.It also contains a view submission button which shows the leaderboard of the given contest.
Users can take up the challenge by clicking on the take test button provided against each contest which appears after registering. The take test button takes you to the quiz page. As soon as the user enters the test page the countdown timer starts as per the given time limit of the contest. each option is provided with four options out of which one is correct.The options are provided by the admin user at the time of creation of the question along with the correct option.
Once the test is submitted the score of the test is calculated and displayed. The user can also view their scores and participation by clicking the profile tab. It also shows other details of the user and all the challenges taken by the user and its submission date. 
If the user has already taken the test this button is replaced by view score button which shows the score of the user for current test.
The leaderboard tab shows the list of all contest and their participants along with their scores.
Other routes include login, logout and register route.  
